---
description: >-
  The following steps describe the required onboarding workflow for players to
  enter a new game.
---

# Security

### Deposit

The user's **Wallet** may sign a transaction once in order to deposit tokens into the **Registry** by proving ownership over a delegated **Signer**. An [EIP-191](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191) compliant signature must be provided, which has to recover to the provided **Signer** address. This dedicated contract write for depositing an available balance allows the user to control their funds at all times, while further game related functionality is delegated to the **Signer**. The **Signer** will later prove that the **Wallet**, **Signer** and **Player** addresses are all controlled by the same entity. The tokens deposited here become the user's available balance within the trustless **Registry** smart contract. The **Signer** is authorized to request participation in a new game via the **Player**, which will then allocate the user's available balance, but only on behalf of the user's **Wallet**. Neither the **Signer** nor the **Player** will ever be able to withdraw user funds from the **Registry**.

```solidity
function deposit(uint256 bal, uint64 tim, address sig, bytes memory sgn) public
```

### Request

The **Player** signs a transaction to request participation in a new game by providing the desired **Guardian** address, a threshold timestamp in unix seconds, the associated **Wallet** address, and an [EIP-191](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191) compliant signature generated by the **Signer**. This contract write will allocated the game specific buy-in amount, which means that the **Player** is spending the available balance of the **Wallet**, but only to the extend of the buy-in amount required for game participation. The success of this contract write proves onchain that the **Wallet** controls the **Signer**, and that the **Signer** controls the **Player**, which in turn proves that the **Wallet** controls the **Player** too. The assumption can then be made that **Wallet**, **Signer** and **Player** are controlled by the same user. As a result of this contract write, a transaction hash will be produced onchain, which will become an input parameter for establishing an authorized WebSocket connection in the next step.&#x20;

```solidity
 function request(address grd, uint64 tim, address wal, bytes memory sgn) public
```

### Connect

The user connects to the **Guardian** to establish an authorized WebSocket connection through which all game state is streamed bidirectionally in realtime. The authorization of this streaming connection happens by providing the successfully submitted transaction hash resulting from the contract write described above, and another [EIP-191](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191) compliant signature generated by the **Signer**. It will be the responsibility of the **Guardian** to only accept WebSocket connections if the **Signer** recovered from the first and the second signature is in fact the same address.

```typescript
new WebSocket(
  "wss://guardian.anubis.game/connect", 
  ["dual-handshake", tra, sgn],
);
```

### Signing

For the three required signatures to be considered valid during the onboarding process, the following criteria must be met.

* The signed message must be an ordered hyphen joined string.&#x20;
* The first element must either be the string "deposit", "request" or "connect" respectively.
* The second element must be a valid unix timestamp.
* The third element must be the depositing **Wallet** address or the desired **Guardian** address.
* The fourth element must be the associated **Player** address.
* The **Signer** addresses recovered from both signatures must match one another.

Note that the **Guardian** will access several request specific parameters using the transaction hash provided during the WebSocket authorization process.

* The **Guardian** address will be taken from the onchain transaction data. The address found will be used to reconstruct the messages of the associated signatures. This address must also match the address of the **Guardian** facilitating the WebSocket connection of the requested game.
* The **Wallet** address will be taken from the onchain transaction data. The address found will identify the user requesting to play the game.
* The **Player** address will be taken from the onchain transaction sender. The address found will be used to reconstruct the messages of the associated signatures.
* The unix timestamp will be taken from the onchain transaction data. This timestamp must not be in the future, and must not be older than 60 seconds at the time of requesting game participation.

```typescript
await signMessage(`request-${tim}-${wal}`);        // Registry deposit onchain
await signMessage(`request-${tim}-${grd}-${pla}`); // Registry request onchain
await signMessage(`connect-${tim}-${grd}-${pla}`); // Guardian connect offchain
```
